---
layout: post
title:  "Cure"
date:   2014-03-30 12:27:00
categories:
---

This year I’m walking in the Susan G. Komen Global Race for the Cure™, on May 10, in Washington D.C.

A woman born today has about a 1 in 8 chance of being diagnosed with breast cancer at some time during her life. I want to make an impact in the global fight to change that.

I'm also raising funds because nearly three years ago Stephanie’s grandmother was diagnosed with breast cancer. She went through the entire battle of tests, chemotherapy, radiation, and several surgeries.

Today, she is nearly two years removed from being declared cancer free. She has come away with physical scars, and I’m sure some emotional scars as well. She’s doing much better today though, in large part because of the treatment she was able to receive as well as some hard decisions along the way.

For her grandmother, and all women who are or may one day go through this fight, I’m asking for your support. I’ve set my personal goal at $150, and I’m asking for your help to reach my goal. 

You can [give online, safely and securely](http://globalrace.info-komen.org/site/TR/GlobalRaceForTheCure/KomenGlobalRace?px=18838825&pg=personal&fr_id=3745).

Up to 75 percent of funds from the Komen Global Race for the Cure support local breast cancer education, screening and treatment programs throughout the National Capital Area, including Washington, D.C., and parts of Virginia and Maryland.

The remaining funds support Susan G. Komen for the Cure®'s work around the globe, sharing knowledge and experience and to fund education and breast health services in regions where few exist.

I’ve never asked for donations or support before, and I am unlikely to do so again any time soon. Many of you have been very good friends to me over the past few years and this community has a tremendous ability to support one another. I’m hoping you can support me today.

In return for your support, I'd like to give you something. Only, I don't know exactly that that will be yet. Something small and personal. I believe when you donate, you can leave a note. If you would put your twitter @name, I'd like to get back in touch to say thank you in some small way.

Thank you. Your generosity saves lives!

Michael