---
layout: post
title:  "Get To"
date:   2014-03-21 13:49:00
tags: ["attitude", "focus", "perspective"]
categories: ["thoughts"]
---

<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I love those moments in life where you’re thrown into a sense of perspective of how things really are. It usually hits you like a wall and it’s completely devastating, yet equally empowering. One of those moments that reminds you of purpose.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
For me it usually comes in the form of a youtube video. Someone across the world, living in poverty with little to their name. Or it might be of a young woman with a disability who is defying the odds and living life to the fullest. They may have a smile on their face. Or maybe not. But you know they appreciate everything they have.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
It forces me to accept how little my complaints are. I am so grateful for every part of my day, even the parts that frustrate me and cause me to whine.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I [watched a talk](http://www.responsys.com/video/brightcove.php?videoID=2523003181001) recently by Bert Jacobs, co-founder of Life is Good, and it’s an amazing message. He talks about optimism and having a bigger purpose than just trying to run a business and make profits. One of the things he says really resonated with me. He’s removed the phrase “have to” from his vocabulary. Instead he says that he “gets to.” We don’t have to do anything. We get to do a lot of things.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I get to drive a long commute.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I get to figure out how to make our sites perform better.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I get to set up yet another blog.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I get to work on projects that aren’t always exciting.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I get to work on making our processes better.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I get to work.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
It changes your whole perspective when you look at it that way. How lucky am I that I get to fill my day doing these things? This is how I make my living. By getting to do things just like this.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I rarely ever stop to think what the alternatives could be.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I’m  working on something that will help remind me of this in a more meaningful way. I hope to have more to show and share on this soon, but for now I leave you with this reminder for myself:
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
It’s easy to get caught up in your life and easy to think about the things you have to do. Focus on the things you get to do, because not everyone gets to do it.
</p>