---
layout: post
title:  "Cure"
date:   2014-03-30 12:27:00
tags: ["personal", "support", "life"]
categories: ["thoughts"]
---

<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
This year I’m walking in the Susan G. Komen Global Race for the Cure™, on May 10, in Washington D.C.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
A woman born today has about a 1 in 8 chance of being diagnosed with breast cancer at some time during her life. I want to make an impact in the global fight to change that.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I'm also raising funds because nearly three years ago Stephanie’s grandmother was diagnosed with breast cancer. She went through the entire battle of tests, chemotherapy, radiation, and several surgeries.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
Today, she is nearly two years removed from being declared cancer free. She has come away with physical scars, and I’m sure some emotional scars as well. She’s doing much better today though, in large part because of the treatment she was able to receive as well as some hard decisions along the way.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
For her grandmother, and all women who are or may one day go through this fight, I’m asking for your support. I’ve set my personal goal at $150, and I’m asking for your help to reach my goal.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
You can [give online, safely and securely](http://globalrace.info-komen.org/site/TR/GlobalRaceForTheCure/KomenGlobalRace?px=18838825&pg=personal&fr_id=3745).
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
Up to 75 percent of funds from the Komen Global Race for the Cure support local breast cancer education, screening and treatment programs throughout the National Capital Area, including Washington, D.C., and parts of Virginia and Maryland.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
The remaining funds support Susan G. Komen for the Cure®'s work around the globe, sharing knowledge and experience and to fund education and breast health services in regions where few exist.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
I’ve never asked for donations or support before, and I am unlikely to do so again any time soon. Many of you have been very good friends to me over the past few years and this community has a tremendous ability to support one another. I’m hoping you can support me today.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
In return for your support, I'd like to give you something. Only, I don't know exactly that that will be yet. Something small and personal. I believe when you donate, you can leave a note. If you would put your twitter @name, I'd like to get back in touch to say thank you in some small way.
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
Thank you. Your generosity saves lives!
</p>
<p class="center f4 f3-ns mw6 mw7-ns ph3 ph5-ns measure lh-copy">
Michael
</p>